Ri v1.12.0 release notes & auth prompt environment variables (#1941)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/ri/release-notes/v1.12.0.md

---
Title: RedisInsight v1.12, May 2022
linkTitle: v1.12 (May 2022)
date: 2022-05-24 00:00:00 +0000
description: RedisInsight v1.12.0
weight: 88
---

## 1.12.0 (May 2022)

This is the General Availability Release of RedisInsight 1.12 (v1.12.0)!

#  1.12.0

## Headlines:

> - Authentication wall - Ask database username and password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authentication prompt: Ask for database username and password
```

- Support for `GRAPH.RO_QUERY` command in RedisGraph tool.
- Support for variable CPU in RedisAI tool.

## Full Details

### Core

> - Authentication wall - Ask database username and password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authentication prompt: Ask for database username and password
```

>   - If it is enabled, each time when users request to open a database previously added to RedisInsight, a form to enter username and password will be displayed. The same form to enter database username and password will be displayed if a user has been idle for a configurable amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If enabled, each time a user attempts to open a database previously added to RedisInsight, a form to enter username and password is displayed. This form displays also if a user is idle for a configurable amount of time.

- Fix major container vulnerabilities.

> - Decrease docker image size by discarding unnecessary contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decrease Docker image size by discarding unnecessary contents.
```

- Streams

>   - Fix slowdown and crash while loading huge streams data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix slowdown and crash while loading large streams data.
```

  - Use UTC time for stream id timestamp.
- Graph
  - Allow scanning for more keys.
  - Add support for `GRAPH.RO_QUERY` command.
- Browser

>   - Fix delete key dialog but that causes it to display even when no key is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix **Delete key** dialog box that displays when no key is selected.
```
